Move System.Diagnostics.Process lengthy remarks to files (#5360)
dotnet/dotnet-api-docs: includes/remarks/System.Diagnostics/Process/WaitForExit_Int32.md

<xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit%28System.Int32%29> makes the current thread wait until the associated process terminates. It should be called after all other methods are called on the process. To avoid blocking the current thread, use the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Exited> event.

This method instructs the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> component to wait a finite amount of time for the process to exit. If the associated process does not exit by the end of the interval because the request to terminate is denied, `false` is returned to the calling procedure. You can specify <xref:System.Threading.Timeout.Infinite?displayProperty=nameWithType> for `milliseconds`, and <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit%28System.Int32%29?displayProperty=nameWithType> will behave the same as the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit> overload. If you pass 0 (zero) to the method, it returns `true` only if the process has already exited; otherwise, it immediately returns `false`.

> [!NOTE]

> >  In the [!INCLUDE[net_v35_long](~/includes/net-v35-long-md.md)] and earlier versions, if `milliseconds` was -1, the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit%28System.Int32%29> overload waited for <xref:System.Int32.MaxValue> milliseconds (approximately 24 days), not indefinitely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In .NET Framework 3.5 and earlier versions, if `milliseconds` is -1, the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit%28System.Int32%29> overload waits for <xref:System.Int32.MaxValue> milliseconds (approximately 24 days), not indefinitely.
```
